Hey, good morning family! How are y'all
doing today? I thought I would just
make you a quick little video here.
There's so much going on right now in
the news—I
mean, so much. If
anybody saw Trump's social media post
about what he said about making
Bitcoin, Ethereum,
Solana,
Cardano, and XRP part of the
United States Reserve—that's the way I took
it—wow.
I told you all they were. As we spoke,
I made the video at Cape Canaveral
there in Cocoa Beach, and the Lord spoke
to me as I was praying around Florida.
He told me, 'I want you to
start getting bigger inside of you
concerning the wealth transfer. Start
believing Me for bigger, for what I'm
about to do.'I told everybody about
the line that I saw in the
spirit and how they were building on
this digital platform for
the end times.
Trump had not even begun to release
his plan for bringing America
out of the deficit all
the way. We've heard bits and
pieces of things that I
believe the Lord is instructing him to
do to make America great
again. Here
this
morning, he releases this post talking
about
XRP. It's only
been a week since the Lord told us about
what I saw: $10, I saw
people becoming decamillionaires,
$25, $50,
$150. I saw strategic price ranges of
what they were talking
about—the
Lord showed me that they're
planning, trying to increase
Bitcoin and all these other
cryptocurrencies.
I just think it's amazing.
Whenever you hear something
in
2018 and the Lord
starts talking to you and telling you,
'Brandon, it's coming. You need to get
your boat into motion. You need to
put your faith out there. Believe in Me
for big. You need to believe Me for
big, Brandon.'Diana
is
behind the camera today—say hi,
babe! (Hi!) She's holding the camera today;
Bradden's in the back getting ready
to edit this video. Then we have
Zelenskyy
come to the White
House and they have their little
spat—all
that's going
on. I told you all to watch Zelenskyy. I
said, 'This man's a bad man.'He's trying
to hide
the embezzlement of the money that we
loaned Ukraine, and the Lord
showed me $24 billion was
misallocated out of
$300-something
billion that we sent to
them to help out with the war. There's
money there, and I saw corrupt
politicians taking and funneling that
money. Those
are
just the things the Lord shows me when I
pray.
He told me that he did not
want a ceasefire, that he did not want to
stop the bloodshed; the war
machine was to create more, hoping to
suck off of American people, bringing it
in, doing their agenda with the money,
doing corrupt things with it, trying to
bring forth their agenda to bring forth
World War
III.
Then I thought it was interesting
because the Lord showed me, if you
remember, He showed me Emmanuel Macron
trying to be an Ishmael to the Isaac of
the Antichrist, and that he would rise up
like a Hitler. The way he talked to
Trump in the Oval Office a week or two
ago
and then Zelenskyy
came—I'm
telling you all, I saw darkness on Emmanuel
Macron
like I've never seen
before. Then I thought it was
interesting also when Zelenskyy said that
we would experience it here in America:
'You're going to feel it
too.'He
was already
warning about something
that he believes you are going to
feel
this too—the war. Then Trump, awesome
as a leader, as a covering over
America as
the president, he spoke to the word curse.
He did not allow the word curse to
remain and bear fruit, saying, 'You're
going to feel it.'He said, 'No, we're
not going to feel it.'He immediately
addressed the word curse. That's what you
said: 'Every tongue that rises against you,
you will condemn it.'And that's what he
was doing. He spoke to the word curse
that immediately Zelenskyy spoke out of
his mouth, saying, 'You're going to feel
it too.'He
spoke to the word curse, saying, 'We're
not going to feel it. That will not bear
fruit over the United States.
You don't know what we're going
to feel. We're
going to
have peace, we're going to have
joy.'If
you go back to what Kim Clement gave,
the word is saying, 'No more war,'and that
Trump would say, 'No more war.'I was
praying over that, and the Lord said, 'Just
because Trump says that, that's what
he's declaring for
America.'There
will be no more war.
It
doesn't mean, Brandon, that there
won't be
wars; he's declaring that for America,
that we won't be involved. We're
calling for peace. So here we see
Hezbollah and all these things
happening with Israel, and I believe
the David and Jonathan
relationship is springing
forth as we talk. It's happening, and I
saw the blessing as we bless the land of
Israel.
There was a blessing that
came on
us. You see what's going on with
Europe. You see that Zelenskyy left from
here and went right over to England and
was whining about
how he was treated here, but you
could see a dirtiness on him. You could
see what the Lord is showing me
about Zelenskyy—that the man is not a
good man. The media
gets
on their soapbox: 'Oh,
Trump treated him
bad.'I'm
going, the guy is bad.
He's not a good person. But
it's interesting because whenever
the Lord showed me about Red Dawn, I
saw rats within,
strategically placed in our military
and
our
infrastructure.
Over the last four years,
evil people were planted in our military
and
our intelligence.
I saw a Red Dawn type of
experience trying to come forth in
these areas with these evil people
in our government. So here we
see
strategically things being released
about XRP again. Then I hear about
Economic Ninja had a video about
the dinar going digital.
I don't remember the Prime Minister's
name over there, but he announced that
they were going to take the Iraqi dinar
and make it a digital platform,
taking all the paper money out and
making it into basically what I'm seeing
eventually the United States will do.
It's
amazing how the end times are rolling
out right in front of our face.
I told everybody about holding onto the
dinar.
If you didn't watch
that video, go watch the dinar
video down below. But the
Lord is bringing forth the
end-time
wealth transfer for the end-time harvest,
and we're seeing that happen right now.
I believe we're
going to see the wealth transfer before
we see the end-time harvest. I'm
just amazed at what God is doing.
We're almost through the first
quarter and we'll be going into the second
quarter pretty soon. It's just
amazing to watch God's hand already
moving, and Trump's not even been
president for
40 days. Wow, what a time
we're living in. I'm just excited
because
I just saw part of those
cryptos that he called out were part of
the Five Pillars. The ones that
stemmed
off of them—it wasn't every single one,
but even Solana—I just thought it was
very interesting
what he said in his little Truth
Social
post.
The foundation's being laid; the new
digital
era is about to be birthed. The new
world platform is being
released. Wow, look, it's all being
talked about behind closed doors.
Soon they'll
use your cell phone, soon this stuff will
be birthed, and what the devil
means
to use for bad in the future, God's
going to turn around for good for you to
use now. Coming
era
of time, the
acceleration of finances, this will
be a time. And the Lord said, "I'm giving
you a
four-year window, a four-year window of opportunity
for a harvest, for a supernatural harvest,
a time of acceleration."And they
will try to bring a plague out. They'll
try to do the plague; you can see it on
the news all about this thing
with the chickens and
saying it's spreading to the cows and all
this other stuff they're trying to do.
But what will the body of Christ do
to
intercede and stand in the gap to say, "We
will have our time for a harvest of
souls like we've never seen before. We'll
have our time for a great, mighty move of
an outpouring like we've
never seen before"? I believe we are about
to see the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen, and
it will
be
something to behold. As we traveled
and went to
Florida, I can see now why the Lord told
me about
I-35. He told me about what's going to
happen with the great revival that will
happen clear down to Dallas-Fort Worth
and up to Wichita, Kansas, that
there will be a major move of the Spirit
of God and it will be like a Holy Ghost
Woodstock. But we needed to believe
bigger and believe Him for
overflow, because it's going
to take that to get the gospel
preached.
It doesn't come free. The gospel
is free to those that hear, but it costs
money to get it out. If you're down and
downcast—we
come across people all the
time that are at the
end of
their rope.
I talked to a man
earlier, he said, "I feel so down. I
feel like my head is underneath the
water."I
watch your
videos on YouTube, Brandon, and you
inspire me and encourage
me to keep going. I talk to the
people that are in the wilderness right
now: God has a plan for your life.
It's not time to be downcast
and sad, but it's time to lift your head
up because our redemption is drawing
nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming, and He's coming
back for a glorious church. He's coming
back for a church that's not running
in retreat, because He didn't design the
armor for a retreat. He designed the
armor for pressing and taking the
land. There's no armor for your backside;
there's only armor to take the land.
I believe that this is the time like never
before for the church to rise up with
the sword of the Spirit, the helmet
of salvation, the breastplate of
righteousness,
the girdle of truth, the shield of faith,
and take the land. Put the gospel shoes on
and say, "We're taking the land for
Jesus."Will
you help us take the land? That's
what He says. Who's going to help me
bring in the harvest? Will you help me
bring in the
harvest? I believe we're called for such
a time as this, folks, to bring in the
harvest. Let me pray with you today.
Diana
and I are going to pray with you. She's
going to say a prayer; I'll turn the
camera and she's going to pray for you,
and I'll hold it for her while I'm
driving. She can pray, and I'm going
to pray, and we're going to intercede
on
behalf of whatever you're
believing for. Let's believe God for big.
Let's believe Him
that this is the time like never before
that we'll see that outpouring. Do you
believe that, baby? Yes, I believe it.
Braden believes it, we all believe it. We
saw it and we're expecting.
Expectation
brings the manifestation of what we're
believing for today. So Father, right now
in the name of Jesus, I stand with them
for whatever they're believing for, that
this would be the time of great
acceleration. Father, the things that
you've showed us as watchmen on the
wall—watchmen
and
watch-women—you
spoke to us about XRP, you
spoke to us about Solana, you spoke to us
about Cardano. You said these things
would be part of the world reserve, the
technology behind it. Now Father, I thank
you that those words that you spoke will
come to pass. Father, this is a time
like we've never seen before, that XRP
would go well over $10, XRP would go well
over
$150. This would be a time that we
say, "No more shrinking back,"but we're
taking the land for
Jesus. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you've anointed us for such a time as
this to lay hands on the sick and
see them recover, to cast out devils, to
raise the dead, because freely we've been
given and freely we give it out. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that healing flows
through this camera right now. From the
top of their heads to the soles of their
feet, they are delivered from sickness,
they are delivered from disease. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed
against them is going to prosper, that
everything they put their hands to will
prosper. Father, let this be a time like
never before of great
acceleration. When we go into
the rest of 2025, Father, it will
be a time that we thrive. There will be a
time of great promotion in our jobs,
Father, where we're not barely getting by,
we're not busted and disgusted, but
Father, we're exceedingly, abundantly
above all that we dare ask or think. I thank you,
Father,
for
the
five pillars of
crypto. I thank you, Father, for the
blessings and increase and
multiplication and favor on my wife and
my children and my household. I thank you,
Lord, that you're no
respecter
of persons, and what you'll do for us,
you'll do for them:
spiritually,
physically, mentally, emotionally,
financially. All that they need or dare
ask or think, Father, they'll
accelerate in Jesus'name. We believe that,
Father, this is a time to accelerate
for healing and wholeness and
wellness over their marriages.
Their marriages are blessed, their
marriages are whole, their marriages are
prosperous. The
time of bickering and fighting is
over, but Father, it's a time of great
peace in their homes.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for peace. We
thank you, Lord, for the Holy Spirit.
You said you'd speak to us and we
would hear your voice, and a stranger's
voice we will not follow. We pray over
President Trump. We pray over him and
over his marriage. We bless his
marriage, we bless his children. Father, we
thank you, Lord, that the angels are
protecting him. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that they bear him up in their hands
lest he dash his foot against a
stone. We believe that there's
supernatural protection over him, that no
assassination plots or attempts on
his life... Father, we take authority over
any attempts. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that he has supernatural wisdom to lead
this land to stand up for what's right.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
there's a covering over him,
over his health. No sickness, no
disease comes nigh him. Thank you, Lord, that
Melania
is blessed; she's healed and whole and
well. His children, Father, I thank you
Lord, we bless our leadership, we bless
our Senate, we bless our Congress.
Thank you, Lord, that there'll be great
revival in our Congress and our House
and around the world. Father,
there'll be a great move of God all
throughout Europe,
Asia,
Africa, South
Korea, North Korea—all of it. Father, that
we will have a mighty move of God upon
this land, that the world would
see the greatest harvest of souls. It's not
just about America, but it's about the
world. Father, I thank you
for godly leadership. I thank
you, Lord, that they would release
the
hostages being
held by Hezbollah. They would release
them now in Jesus'name, that the holy
fear of God would be on them and that
they would say, "We've got to release
them now,"for they are scared for
their
lives.
Father, I thank you
for our nation. I thank you, Lord,
for
those trucks; Father, you keep
bringing those trucks back up to me, the
vans full of fertilizer and the
trucks. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that they're plotting and
planning for Red Dawn experiences. Father,
you will expose those
terrorists. Lord, they may be lying low
right now trying to devise a plan—I feel
it inside—but Lord, I know that every
plan, every plot, every scheme of
the wicked will be brought to naught in the
name of Jesus. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that you're exposing those trucks,
you're exposing those vans. I know
they're still there, I know they still
exist, and you will bring it to pass and
expose the wicked through the FBI and
Homeland Security. Father, we have a
godly woman leading Homeland
Security now. I believe, Father, that
they'll hear your voice and know exactly
where evil people and evil plots
or
schemes are coming, and they'll say,
"No, we're not going to have it,"and they
will bring it to justice. They'll
bring it to light in the name of Jesus.
Father, we send our angels out right now
in the name of Jesus from the north,
south, east, and west, causing the
things to come forth that need to come
forth: the blessing of the Lord, the
anointing of the Holy Spirit in a way
that we're not familiar with, all for the
glory of God—a supernatural move, a
supernatural push, a supernatural touch
of the fire of the Holy
Ghost. We believe it, Father.
This is a time like never
before. So Diana's going to pray for your
babies right now, and if you
aren't able to have a baby today, you're
going to conceive a baby with your
husband. Of course, not with your
boyfriend—you
need to get married, so
I've
got to make that clear. Father,
right now we come before you and
I'm believing with these mamas and
these parents that are believing God for
their babies. Father, we speak over
their bodies right now:
they will conceive.
Reproductive systems function as
they're
supposed to right now in the name
of Jesus. I thank you that your healing
power touch goes over their bodies and
fixes everything that's broken. Father,
that they will be
like the
Hannahs,
that they will take their babies
and dedicate them to you, Lord.
Father, they will raise them up in
godly homes; these parents will raise
them up in godly ways so when they
grow old they will not depart from it.
Father, I thank you right now that
their wombs are able to conceive and that
their
reproductive systems
are healed. We speak to that. We speak to
their fallopian tubes, that
they function as they should, to the womb
that it accepts the baby and is
able to carry it full term in
Jesus'name,
that their vine will not cast fruit
before its time. In
Jesus'name,
no miscarriages. That their
hormones, even after they have
the baby, are level,
that they don't have any postpartum
syndrome, that they don't get postpartum
depression
in Jesus'name. Father, we speak to
these babies that they are able to
thrive after
birth, that they are able to breastfeed
or nurse like they should, or
if they decide to do the bottle,
Father, that those babies
will use the bottle as they should in
Jesus'name.
Father, we speak
over their bodies, over their milk
ducts.
Yeah, tell them about that one.
That was cool when we were at Billy
Burke. There was a lady that we prayed
for that always would email or
comment
asking for us to pray for her
milk to come in. She came to
the Billy Burke and I said, "The
Lord said you'll be like a Jersey
cow."I
hope that wasn't offensive to her,
but she produced milk like a
Jersey cow.
The man said,
"I'm the one you all
prayed
for, my wife's milk came in,"and she
was able to produce so much milk,
overflow for the baby. So Diana prayed
for the mama's milk to come in, and
the mama's milk came in. So I said, "Oh,
the Jersey cow, I remember
you."I
thought that might be kind of rude
because
I wasn't calling her a Jersey
cow, but you know what I was saying.
Well,
back to Diana. Go ahead and pray.
Sorry. Okay, so Father, we come before you
and we thank you for these babies
that these parents are believing God for.
I thank you, Father, that your healing
touch, your mighty, powerful, miraculous
touch goes through their bodies right
now, God, and that they are able to
conceive in Jesus'name. Father, we
consider it done. We speak to you again:
whenever the
enemy comes in, you raise a standard
against him. If he tries to
whisper in your ear, you say, "No, my body
functions as it's supposed to. No, my vine
will not cast fruit before its time. No,
my fallopian tubes are normal. No, I
have both ovaries, both ovaries function
good. No cysts, none of
that."No,
my baby latches
on as it should.
My baby does not have
colic. My baby is a calm baby. My baby is
a happy baby. And we speak
life over your womb. We speak life over
your body. We speak life into these
babies and their
brains.
As you—I used to have
an app that would tell what was
happening day by day, week by
week—pray
over that. I
speak to this brain that's developing
this week, that it functions as it should.
Today the fingers are forming; you
say, "I
speak to that. They will have healthy
hair. They
will not have any issues as they grow
older, that their health will blossom and
grow and that they will be
nourished,
and my body will provide the
nourishment that this baby needs."Yep, I
agree with you in Jesus'name. So we speak
to that and I consider it done in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, for
it. We praise you, we glorify you. All
the glory to
you
for these children that are coming. Yes,
it's
an
exciting time. 2025,
you'll have a baby. Yes, you
could still
have the baby before
Christmas. Glory to God, it's awesome. Wouldn't
that
be a really
cool end-of-the-year present? A baby
is a miracle and a blessing,
an inheritance of the Lord. Thank you,
Lord, for the children that you
have for us.
Father, now we rejoice and
we receive by faith everything that you
said you'd do for us. Lord, we rejoice in it.
I connect my
faith with Diana and with you all that
it is done. This is a time of great
harvest time, folks. It's time for us
to be the salt, it's time for us to
be the light. Not, "Woe is me, I'm
tired,"doing
church normal. I want overflow.
I want exceedingly, abundantly above all
that we dare ask or think. I'm thankful
for our pastors, Chip and Candace
Brim; they're amazing. We're
excited to be where we are and
we celebrate where
God has put us. We're celebrating
when we see what God
is doing in these last days.
Get around people where iron sharpens iron—get around people that will sharpen you.
Get around people where you say, "Well, I
don't know how to do that."Look in
your area, pray about where you're at,
and ask God,
say, "God, show me the places of Goshen. Show
me the places that will feed me
spiritually, like this channel."We pray
we're a
blessing to you all. We never want to
bring you down; we always want to lift
you up and put a smile on your face
and a song in your
heart. It's
time to be busy about doing the Father's
business and being happy, not being sad
all the time.
I see a lot of sad people. You go through
places and you go, "Man, there's
no hope."But there
is a hope with Jesus. God
has a hope for you and there's a
blessing for you,
and
there is a plan for your life to do
something great for
Him. You may be a grocery checker; while
you're
in there scanning those groceries, be
the best grocery checker there is. You
may be a
clerk at the gas
station—be
the best gas clerk there
is.
Whatever you do
in
word and in
deed, do all for the glory of God. I was a janitor for
14 years and I
said, "I'm the best
janitor there ever was.
I'm going to
mop these floors
and
do the best
job."When
people walk in on my
floors, they're going to see
their
reflection. I'm going to wax these floors
and
polish these floors, and
when I get done, everybody's going to
know that I did it all for the glory of
God. I'm going to clean this toilet so
much so that they'll be able to
eat off of it—it's pretty gross, but
they're going to be able to eat off this
if they wanted to because it's that
clean. I'm going to do it all for the
glory of God because I believe
that Jesus Himself
dwells on the
inside of His children.
It's all an
attitude;
it's a choice. Either you want to
believe it or you don't. Either you want
to believe that you're going to come out
of your circumstances or you don't. When
Billy Burke talked about putting a
demand on what
you're believing for...
Father,
I put a demand on this in the
spirit realm today. Father, I
thank you Lord that it
will come to pass in the name of
Jesus. Father, we believe we receive
it. I'm not believing for tomorrow, I'm
believing for now. Faith calls those
things that be not as though they were.
Right, Diana? Yes, that's what we believe.
I'm tired of believing for the "sweet by
and
by."No,
I believe it's going to come to
pass now in Jesus'name. Now faith is the
substance of things hoped for and
evidence of things not seen. Now, as
faith is
now. All these trees,
so much wilderness
and
undeveloped
land... I believe it's time for us to take
the land for Jesus in your city, in your
area where you live, with your head held
high knowing that you're a King's kid. I
see all this darkness, but I believe
there's light,
and it's time we
focus on the light.
We live in the end times,
it's happening, but there's glory days
coming too. I'm believing for glory
days. Glory to
God! Well, we pray this video blessed you
today. We pray we encourage you. We're
excited about what President Trump said
today. We see what's happening with Zelensky.
I
believe he will be exposed and
that DOGE will audit the
money and where it went that
we gave
them, and they're going to find this
24 billion and they're going to go,
"Seriously?"I'm
believing things will
be exposed and the rats within will be
exposed—the
rats in the military, the rats
in the
Homeland Security, the rats in these
departments. They will be exposed in the
name of Jesus and brought to justice.
The people
that are evil, the terrorists
in these
hidden cells, these 10
cities—they
will be brought to justice
in the name of Jesus and they'll be
exposed. ICE will be taking them
out of here and putting them in Guantanamo
Bay or whatever; they need to
be brought to justice. Well,
thank you for watching this video. I know
it's kind of different. I'm just driving
out and I told Diana I feel
inside to make the video. Braden can
upload it with the Starlink stuff and
cool technology, and we'll go
on from there. Until next time, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. God bless you all and thank you
for watching today. Bye-bye.